Update all article links in all .NET 5/6 articles in dotnet repo (#1365)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/net/wpf/properties/dependency-properties-overview.md

## Prerequisites

> This article assumes basic knowledge of the .NET type system and object-oriented programming. To follow the examples in this article, it helps to understand XAML and know how to write WPF applications. For more information, see [Walkthrough: My first WPF desktop application](../get-started/create-app-visual-studio.md).

Reviewer: Link text in this needs updating
```suggestion
This article assumes basic knowledge of the .NET type system and object-oriented programming. To follow the examples in this article, it helps to understand XAML and know how to write WPF applications. For more information, see [Tutorial: Create a new WPF app with .NET](../get-started/create-app-visual-studio.md).
```
